## CONSENT TO PARTICIPATE

### Project Title
**Title**

### Purpose of the Study
This research is being conducted by [PI]  at the University of Maryland, College Park. ...
### Procedures

Upon consenting to participate, you will be presented with pairs of text answers, each generated by different AI models in response to general questions. Your task is to evaluate which of the two answers is more helpful, or if they are equally helpful. The study will take approximately 30 minutes to complete and will be conducted entirely online.

### Potential Risks and Discomforts
There are no known significant risks associated with this study beyond those encountered in daily life.

### Potential Benefits
Your participation will offer insights into the effectiveness of AI models in generating coding solutions, potentially contributing to advancements in AI-assisted coding and development tools.

### Confidentiality
Any potential loss of confidentiality will be minimized by not storing any personally identifiable information. Furthermore, all responses will be securely stored in a database accessible only to authorized members of the research team.

### Right to Withdraw and Questions
Your participation in this research is completely voluntary. You may choose not to take part at all. If you decide to participate in this research, you may stop participating at any time. If you decide not to participate in this study or if you stop participating at any time, you will not be penalized or lose any benefits to which you otherwise qualify.

If you decide to stop taking part in the study, if you have questions, concerns, or complaints, or if you need to report an injury related to the research, please contact the investigator and include the unique ID of your response session obtained at the start of the survey.

**Name Surname**  
8125 Paint Branch Dr, College Park, MD 20742  
                    
**Name Surname**
8125 Paint Branch Dr, College Park, MD 20742

**Name Surname**
8125 Paint Branch Dr, College Park, MD 20742

### Participant Rights
If you have questions about your rights as a research participant or wish to report a research-related injury, please contact:

**University of Maryland College Park**  
**Institutional Review Board Office**  
**1204 Marie Mount Hall**  
**College Park, Maryland, 20742**  
[E-mail: irb@umd.edu](mailto:irb@umd.edu)  
**Telephone: 301-405-0678**

For more information regarding participant rights, please visit:  
[https://research.umd.edu/research-resources/research-compliance/institutional-review-board-irb/research-participants](https://research.umd.edu/research-resources/research-compliance/institutional-review-board-irb/research-participants)

This research has been reviewed according to the University of Maryland, College Park IRB procedures for research involving human subjects.

### Statement of Consent
If you agree to participate, please accept below. This indicates that you have read this consent form or have had it read to you; your questions have been answered to your satisfaction and you voluntarily agree to participate in this research study.

